first-year been in the NBA uh mom was
difficult I had a I didn't being the
coach we had different user photo for me
but I learned a lot and I'm glad I had
the opportunity well it was still fun
even though I need to place myself a
life yeah I saw you playing the finals
out we were here for you haha we got
blew up oh well next time is there
anything you feel like wake has helps
you prepare for the NBA um yeah I mean I
was best about period probably help you
but as far as life I mean I was on my
own that way for that I know family in
North Carolina so it kind of prepared
but living in atlanta right now but I to
miss too much family out here so think
that fires the biggest thing could do
you ever go from the Indiana yeah go
Balto wait I don't like area of the
weekend I don't that's a fail to my mama
also save my brother um I know you were
actually like the last class of you
recruited by skip prosser right good can
you actually tell me about that or any
memories you have about him uh I'm gonna
be came to my house uh talk to me my
parents that I'm not just got annoying
really well then he said about the
things that may want to come the way
forward to be a part of a ding dig it
emilija I mean I have I between a play
for him but I wish older um do you know
anything about us getting a new coach
right now like what do you think about
what for aspiring be no I mean I don't
know the new coach now but hoes got yo
good coach tomorrow to me and me he held
me a lot I think a lot of guys like but
I'm a screw-up do is best for them I
guess didn't know coach was best for
okay I appreciate it I have one more
question that all the ladies want to
know just who are you currently single
lady who is over yes they go hi don't
know that oh okay we'll just keep that
between me you I'm kidding kick up am